c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\MalengoPalindroom.dll.config
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\MalengoPalindroom.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\MalengoPalindroom.pdb
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\obj\Debug\MalengoPalindroom.dll
c:\users\hans\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\obj\Debug\MalengoPalindroom.pdb
C:\Users\Hans\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MalengoPalindroom\MalengoPalindroom\obj\Debug\MalengoPalindroom.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
